docs: Document useApiFetcherPromise (#878)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/04-api-reference/front-commerce-remix/index.mdx

[useRevalidator](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/hooks/use-revalidator#userevalidator)
hook.

### `useApiFetcherPromise`

Just like `useApiFetcher`, `useApiFetcherPromise` allows you to retrieve

> optimised data from `/api` endpoints. As the name suggests, it returns a return
> a promise instead of the actual data to be able to process the data in a more
> "synchronous" way, without depending on fetcher states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optimised data from `/api` endpoints. The only difference is that it returns a promise instead of the actual data. Use it when you need to process the data in a more
"synchronous" way, without depending on fetcher states.
```

Here is an example of how to use `useApiFetcherPromise`:

```tsx title="/app/routes/my-route.tsx"
import type { loader } from "./api.cart";
// add-next-line
import { useApiFetcherPromise } from "@front-commerce/remix/react";

export default function MyRoute() {
  // add-next-line

>   const doSomething = useApiFetcher<typeof loader>("/api/do-something");

Reviewer: **issue:** incorrect name

**suggestion:** 
```suggestion
  const doSomething = useApiFetcherPromise<typeof loader>("/api/do-something");
```

  return (
    <div>
      <button
        onClick={() =>

>           doSomething().then(() => console.log("Something has been done!"))

Reviewer: **nitpick:** it'd be good to use the response

**suggestion:** 
```suggestion
          doSomething().then((result) => console.log("Something has been done!", result))
```
